[Music]
without lots of people this is Jay and
the question today is do you think Chris
Bosh is really gay well let's stop these
streets of New York and find out
you watch basketball them from fine
sometimes you watch the fuck do you
think Chris Bosh is gay is this really a
topic don't me I just buzz you think
Chris Bosh is gay no bet why is it it
it's kind of funny finals in Miami and I
saw okay all right you see them you know
Chris Bosh right not something do you
think Chris Bosh is game yeah I think
he's one of the girls yeah let me ask
you this man do you think Chris Bosh is
gay
he's questionable but I don't think he's
gay no to play Chris Bosh yes you think
he's gay
yeah man it's fucked up it's all good so
tell me um you think Chris Bosh is gay I
mean I don't know man I don't really be
looking at him to stuff like that like
if he is a vision it doesn't really
matter you know I'm say still a good
basketball player let me ask this
question right here
um you think Chris Bosh is gay maybe
watch this question right you think
Chris Bosh is gay I mean he has some
tendencies but I don't know if he's gay
I won't go that far yeah you guys think
Chris Bosh is gay he looked gay no
comments no comments I might be famous
one day and he might kick my ass just
this body language is not more manly
it's more like you know it's more like
feminine of style you know Chris Bosh
could be the home
because he could Tom's changed man you
don't really matter what the sexual
preference you know I mean he touched a
lot of people's after the game you know
good job yeah don't matter cuz Doody
Duncan orders like Oh to do this kind of
you know to solve
he's even for me to say I'm like yo man
like until he comes out and he says it
then I won't say that I won't say that
right so you see him playing on the
court what are some of the things he do
that you like man this guy is just one
of these a gay man should I have to fail
another man to man up but we're thought
man cry he's crying out like a little
bit you know he pranced down like he on
the runway of um wasn't in there Derek
and Derek thinks that Chris Bosh is gay
if Hale